You have to recall what we have done in the sheep class.
The sheep class provides information about a Tetris piece that holds the seven deadly sheep names and
will be called as the new sheep.
And the cohort holds the actual coordinates of our tight space.
And this will be the court's table that holds all the possible coordinate values of the Tetris pieces.
And this is a template from which all pieces take their coordinates, value all the possible values.
So now what we have done in this thing we have done, we put one row of the coordinate values from the
court's table into the court's area of a Tetris piece.
We know, unlike in C++, Java names are full classes and the ordinary matter.
Here this returns the current portion of the enum type in the animal object and after this they are
these are the coordinate value a bit more the code that receives the coordinates of the Tetris piece.
Suppose, for example, we have seen the minus one comma one, the minus one zero and the zero zero
and the zero comma minus one represented a rotated shape.
So here we have done with that thing.
Similar to that we have created our another method to the rotate left and this code rotates a piece
to the left.
The square does not have to be rotated.
That's why we simply return.
This statement, the reference to the current object.
Now to this we have to create another class and name it as the board.
This is where the game logic is located, so go with package and here we will create a new class and
name it as the board.
In this board class.
Firstly, we have to write.
We will take first four constraints.
So what we will do, we will write private final and we will take the board and your word and
provide it to the ten and the private final
board.
Height is equal to 22.
And another thing when we the private final int period.
Interval.
Equal to 300.
Semicolon.
So here we have four.
Sorry.
We need one more.
I think we have two here.
Three constraints.
The board width.
The board height.
And the.
The board width and height.
Define the size of the work.
The period interval constraint defines the speed of the game.
So after this, we need another things we have to call private time or C as time and under one boolean.
And here we'll write.
Is falling, finished and headed it to the falls and the private pavilion is almost at the falls.
It ain't.
No.
Nine and removed it to zero.
We need private.
It's going to end and this code X and set it to zero.
Similar to this, we have to call in Y and Z to zero.
Here.
So these are not we need one more the status bar here.
So within the primate corner, the legal status bar done and the primate chief here ordered to be done.
The primate needs a permanent.
It will be up and done.
So we have some important variables are initialized here.
We have to import this first.
This one too.
So here everything is done.
We have initialized some important variables here that is following.
Finish determines if the Tetris shape has finished falling and we then need to create a new shape here
that is started.
Just a second.
The status bar.
We need another one that is a starter is used to check if the game has started.
Likewise, we need exposed here.
This one is supposed is used to check at the game exposed.
There are no lines removed.
Count the number of lines that we have removed so far.
The core X and the core Y determine the actual position of the following shape.
Here.
This one.
So after this, what we have to do.
Firstly, we don't do this just extends Japan.
We have more to do this
year.
What we will do, we will do the public.
Firstly, the constructor.
So here we will write that transparent.
Write this one a transparent.
G.
We will create another class.
It will be name as a class actress.
So we will do that first finish.
So.
Go to the Java one import chip in here.
What we will do under this contract constructor, we have to write initial word and provide parent and
create the initial board method as well under which we have to write our logic.
So here we will do one thing.
Firstly, we have to take the focus.
So what we will do, we will write the private void initial board that is apparent and curly bracket
here and call the set focus table.
I think here focused or focus it will.
Focus, laser focus and provide the default value with the true.
You see this bar, right?
Called the parent dot.
We need to get status bar matter.
We will create a new matter at status bar.
Our getter here.
This one.
Now we have to add it.
Even so, we will write add listener and provide to the new mm p.
This adds the specified key listener to receive key events from this component.
So what we will do?
We have to write the adapter when done.